{{ Project Name }}

Business Understanding

{{ Your Team Name }}

{{ Your Company Name }}

{{ Document Version }}

{{DATE}}

Revision History

| Version | Author | Date | Description |
|---------|--------|------|-------------|
|         |        |      |             |
|         |        |      |             |
|         |        |      |             |

*This initial phase focuses on understanding the project objectives and
requirements from a business perspective, then converting this knowledge
into a data engineering/analytics problem definition and a preliminary
plan designed to achieve the objectives.*

*The first objective of the data person is to thoroughly understand,
from a business perspective, what the customer really wants to
accomplish. Often the customer has many competing objectives and
constraints that must be properly balanced. The person’s goal is to
uncover important factors, at the beginning, that can influence the
outcome of the project. A possible consequence of neglecting this step
is to expend a great deal of effort producing the right answers to the
wrong questions.*

# Background

*Record any known information about the business situation at the start
of the project. Is there already a solution in place? Describe any
solutions in place and why they are seeking a new solution. What should
the new solution improve?*

# Business Objectives

*Describe the customer’s primary objective, from a business perspective.
In addition to the primary business objective, there are typically other
related business questions that the customer would like to address –
include those here as well.*

# Business Success Criteria

*Describe the criteria for a successful or useful outcome to the project
from the business point of view. This might be quite specific and able
to be measured objectively, for example, create a report that shows
trends of leakage. Otherwise it may be more subjective – create a data
set for self-service to help us do X. Who will be evaluating the end
results?*

# Inventory of Resources

*List the resources available to the project, including personnel
(business experts, data experts, technical support, data mining
experts), data (fixed extracts, access to live, warehoused, or
operational data), computing resources (hardware platforms), and
software (data mining tools, other relevant software).*

## Personnel

| Name | Organization | Role                                  | Contact Information |
|------|--------------|---------------------------------------|---------------------|
|      |              | The role of the person in the project | email/phone         |
|      |              |                                       |                     |
|      |              |                                       |                     |
|      |              |                                       |                     |

## 

## Data

| Location                                         | Storage Type     | Description                                                          | Contacts                        |
|--------------------------------------------------|------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------|
| Describe briefly how to gain access to the data. | CSV/Database/etc | Describe briefly what the data consists of. How often is it updated? | List out anyone that may assist |
|                                                  |                  |                                                                      |                                 |
|                                                  |                  |                                                                      |                                 |
|                                                  |                  |                                                                      |                                 |

## Software

*List out any relevant software to complete the objectives.*

-   *AWS EMR*

-   *Apache Airflow*

-   *Power BI*

-   *Etc.*

# Requirements

*List all requirements of the project, including schedule of completion,
comprehensibility and quality of results, and security, as well as legal
issues. As part of this output, make sure that you can use the data. In
addition, be sure to include – data loading frequency, transformations,
formulas, how to handle missing/bad data. Some requirements may not be
identified until the next phase, data understanding.*

# Assumptions

*List the assumptions made by the project. These may be assumptions
about the data that can be verified during data mining but may also
include non-verifiable assumptions about the business related to the
project. It is particularly important to list the latter if it will
affect the validity of the results.*

# Constraints

*List the constraints on the project. These may be constraints on the
availability of resources but may also include technological
constraints.*

-   *Do you have all passwords required for data access?*

-   *Have you verified all legal constraints on data usage?*

-   *Are all financial constraints covered in the project budget?*

# Risks and Contingencies

*List the risks or events that might delay the project or cause it to
fail. List the corresponding contingency plans, what action will be
taken if these risks or events take place.*

# Terminology

*Compile a glossary of relevant business terminology, which forms part
of the business understanding available to the project. Constructing
this glossary is a useful “knowledge elicitation” and education
exercise.*

# Costs and Benefits

*Construct a cost-benefit analysis for the project, which compares the
costs of the project with the potential benefits to the business if it
is successful. The comparison should be as specific as possible. Feel
free to use monetary values when applicable.*

-   *Scheduling - What if the project takes longer than anticipated?*

-   *Financial - What if the project sponsor encounters budgetary
    problems?*

-   *Data - What if the data are of poor quality or coverage?*

-   *Results - What if the initial results are less dramatic than
    expected?*

# Project Goals

*Describe the project goals in technical terms. For example, the
business objective may be to identify leakage over X business units via
a report. The technical goal may be to implement a Power BI report
accessible to X, Y, Z that shows leakage trends over various periods of
time.*

# Project Outputs

*Describe the outputs of the project to enable achievement of the
business objectives. What data will be produced? What pipelines need
implemented? Reports?*

# Project Success Criteria

*Define the criteria for a successful outcome to the project in
technical terms—for example, a certain level of insight is gained. As
with business success criteria, it may be necessary to describe these in
subjective terms, in which case the person or persons making the
subjective judgment should be identified.*
