{{ Project Name }}

Data Derivation Report

{{ Your Team Name }}

{{ Your Company Name }}

{{ Document Version }}

{{DATE}}

Revision History

| **Version** | **Author** | **Date** | **Description** |
|-------------|------------|----------|-----------------|
|             |            |          |                 |
|             |            |          |                 |
|             |            |          |                 |

#  Construct data

*This task includes constructive data preparation operations such as the
production of derived attributes or entire new records or transformed
values for existing attributes.*

## Derived attributes

*Derived attributes are new attributes that are constructed from one or
more existing attributes in the same record. Example: area = length \*
width.*

## Generated records

*Describe the creation of completely new records. Example: Create
records for customers who made no purchase during the past year. There
was no reason to have such records in the raw data, but for modeling
purposes it might make sense to explicitly represent the fact that
certain customers made zero purchases.*

# Integrate data

*These are methods whereby information is combined from multiple tables
or records to create new records or values.*

## Merged data

*Merging tables refers to joining two or more tables that have different
information about the same objects. Example: a retail chain has one
table with information about each store’s general characteristics (e.g.,
floor space, type of mall), another table with summarized sales data
(e.g., profit, percent change in sales from previous year), and another
with information about the demographics of the surrounding area. Each of
these tables contains one record for each store. These tables can be
merged into a new table with one record for each store, combining fields
from the source tables.*

*Merged data also covers aggregations. Aggregation refers to operations
in which new values are computed by summarizing information from
multiple records and/or tables. For example, converting a table of
customer purchases where there is one record for each purchase into a
new table where there is one record for each customer, with fields such
as number of purchases, average purchase amount, percent of orders
charged to credit card, percent of items under promotion, etc.*

# Format data

*Formatting transformations refer to primarily syntactic modifications
made to the data that do not change its meaning but might be required
for modeling (data standardization).*

## Reformatted data

*Some tools have requirements on the order of the attributes, such as
the first field being a unique identifier for each record or the last
field being the outcome field the model is to predict.*

*It might be important to change the order of the records in the
dataset. Perhaps the modeling tool requires that the records be sorted
according to the value of the outcome attribute. Commonly, records of
the dataset are initially ordered in some way, but the modeling
algorithm needs them to be in a random order. For example, when using
neural networks, it is generally best for the records to be presented in
a random order, although some tools handle this automatically without
explicit user intervention.*

*Additionally, there are purely syntactic changes made to satisfy the
requirements of the specific modeling tool. Examples: removing commas
from within text fields in comma-delimited data files, trimming all
values to a maximum of 32 characters.*
